This software and associated materials are made available under the 
terms of the "Apache License, Version 2.0".

(Cf. http://www.opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

More formally, all assets within this source control repository are:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright 2012 Rodney Waldhoff

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this work except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or 
implied. See the License for the specific language governing 
permissions and limitations under the License.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Less formally, but importantly:

Note that under the terms of the Apache License, by contributing to 
this work (including but not limited to communication on electronic 
mailing lists, public web sites, source code control systems, and 
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the 
Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work), you 
make your contribution available under the same license as the 
original work and you are assert that you have the legal ownership 
or authority to do so. (See the license itself for specific 
definitions and details.)

To avoid ambiguity, any communication that could be mistaken for a 
Contribution to this Work or Deriviative Works under the Apache 
License that you do NOT intend to submit for inclusion in the Work 
should be conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in 
writing as "NOT A CONTRIBUTION".
